MULTIPLE CHOICE - Chapter 10

1.	A grid container consists of grid items
	that consist of one or more grid cells


2.	A grid track is made up of
	a column or row within a grid container


3.	The lines on each side of a grid column or row are called
	grid lines


4.	Two or more grid cells that form a rectangle can be 
	combined into
	a grid area


5.	Unless you specify otherwise, grid items are laid out within 
	a grid container
	from left to right and top to bottom


6.	The fr unit of measure represents
	a fraction of the available space within a container


7.	You typically use the fr unit when building
	fluid layouts or layouts with a combination of fixed 
	and fluid tracks


8.	The minmax() function specifies
	the minimum and maximum sizes of one or more tracks


9.	When you use the auto-fit and auto-fill keywords on a 
	repeat() function, as many grid items as will fit in 
	the available space 
	within a container will be placed in the container


10.	You can align the row tracks within a container vertically
	if the row tracks are less than the height of the container


11.	The default for both horizontal and vertical alignment of 
	grid tracks is
	start


12.	You use the grid-row and grid-column properties to define 
	grid areas when you use
	named or numbered lines


13.	You use the grid-area property to place an element within 
	a grid area when you use
	template areas


14.	When you define grid areas for a grid with grid gaps, the gaps
	are added between the grid areas


15.	When you use numbered lines to layout the elements in a grid 
	container, you use the grid-row and grid-column properties to 
	specify
	the grid area for each element in the container


16.	When you use template names for page layout, 
	you first define the template areas and then assign elements 
	to those areas


17.	To implement the 12-column grid concept, you use
	numbered lines
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	





	
	
	
	